Day 1: Set up Python, Git, VSCode. Started to relearn Git and transfered all my repos back to github. Now that I am able to manage my files, this will be a lot easier. This is a pretty good stop point for day 1. 
Day 2: Fairly sleep deprived, not as productive of a day. Set up arch machine with python and code to have matching environments. Note still need to set up keys on the laptop. Did some reading on Python, next day will be making some scripts!
Day 3: Longer day. Using Learnxinyminutes in github, I am going to follow their instructions for a speed course in python. As I was not too shabby with C, this will help me learn the tools of the language before digging into how the language really works. I'll start with Chapter 1 and move right along to advanced. I may also throw in some other code in experimenting and researching other sources when questions arise. 
Chapter 1 is now complete. I'm suprised at the looseness compared to C. Tomorrow is iffy, but Saturday i'll be right back at it. 
Day 4: This is really more than day 4, life has been lifeing so learning has been stretched. I started plugging away in Pluralsight and have already achieved the top of their average skill level bracket. In about a week, I should be testing above average. As for X in Y minutes, i'm still on chapter 2 but on dicts. Lists and Tuples threw me for a little loop but I now have the jist of it. It's weird to think about how variables aren't values, they're pointers to objects. I'm used to variables being a little different than that. 
Day 4.5: Finished dicts! Day 5 will be sets and starting the next chapter called 'Control Flow and Iterables'
Day 5: Finished sets! I didn't understand it at first, but it clicked when the use of bitwise operators was introduced. 
Day 6: Started Chapter 3: Control Flow and Iterables. Starting to get exciting. A few differences from C, but we'll get there. It's finally helpful to use a feature filled text editor for this. The last time I tried python, I was using spaces AND tabs which led to a lot of issues. Likely why it never stuck with me. Having the editor handle the conversion of \tab to be 4 spaces is wonderful.
Day 7: Worked through for and whiles. Mostly working as expected. Either later this evening or tomorrow morning will be error try/except blocks and file operations.